string connectionString = "Data Source=PC\\SQLEXPRESS;Initial Catalog=emp;TrustServerCertificate=True;Integrated Security=True;";

12 - jan - 26
1. constructor
2. different types of constructor
3. polymorphism
4. hands on 5

static non static keyword



13 - jan -26
1. inheritance
2. polymorphism, different types of polymorphism in c#, need 'virtual' in base and 'override' in derived class to override
overloading -> early binding (compile time) , overriding -> late binding (runtime)
new keyword in this topic
3. abstraction
4. hands on 5
5. sdk 8 & 9 installation

encapsulation eg: Enum, class

14 - jan - 26
1. abtraction -> abstract class and methods
2. Interface -> treat it like a contract, can contain  abstract function, properties,
3. Hands on
4. Install sdk 8 and 9



15 - jan - 26
1. properties -> get( to get value ) , set ( to set value ). properties is used when you have set a data field as private but still want it to be accessible outside the class.
2. sealed class -> stopping inheritance, cannot derive this into child class. can't contain virtual and abstact functions. should be the bottom most class in inheritance hierearchy.
3. partial class -> when want to split single class to multiple files.
4. structure and enum
5. sealed method -> which can't be overriden.


16 - jan - 26
1. generics, a way to improve performance and code reusability built around overloading.
2. exception handling
3. extension method, a way to add methods to a class without changing the original class.
syntax is the extension is static methods and have a reference of the original class using this keyword
you can use extension methods using object of the original class. first parameter will always be the original class object.
class org{
}

class ext{
public static void meth(this org obj){code..}
}



19 - jan - 26
1. structure, similar to class, just is a value type data and stored in the stack. you can't insantiate data members that are present inside the structure.
2. Enum
3. Multi threading, will not come in exam
4. destructor
5. difference between M - Processing, M - Programming, M - tasking


20 - jan - 26
1. delegate -> stores reference of a method. runs under same stack contrary to objects which creates its own stack.
2. event
3. date api
4. string api
5. hands on
6. case study


22 - jan - 26
batch code -> CAP-.NE-JAN-OFF-oo92

Collection
 	1. Generic, stores values of similar data type.
 	2. Non generic, can store values of different data type.
2. Hands on
3. Notes


23 - jan -26
lamda expression
LINQ
case study

27 - jan - 26
Lambda Expressions
 	1. Filtering
 	2. projecting
 	3. sorting
 	4. grouping
2. LINQ - 2 styles
 	1. diff operators
 	2. linq to object
 	3. linq to xml

28 - jan - 26
collection API, list, dictionary, stack, queue
file handling
hands on
pending case study checking


capegemini m1 exercise questions


29 - jan - 26
serialization
xml
soap
json
today hands on
previous hands on check

Team F -> bubble sort, insertion sort, selection sort, analysis of sorting algorithm
5th feb


30 - jan - 26
regular expression
object intiatization
anonomony ype
property accessror





5 points
half an hour read
jo bhi read kiya share kro, group study
apko sab milkr notes banalo
joh notes bana liye, doo doo krr ke represent kroge 5 parameters -> shape can be made of minimum 3 sides. speak properly present properly, implementation, program, graphics, ask questions
connection between transition






3 - Feb - 26
Csharp 8 features
Hands on top brain
data structures discussion